hi guys I'm Caroline and I'm all I'm dry
today we're making peanut butter pad
thai
half guy is one of my favorite things to
order in but it's actually super simple
to make and it's even better with a
touch of the pitas on peanut butter so
I'm going to show you what to do we have
some rice noodles beaten eggs some
shredded cabbage or coleslaw mix some
vegetable oil fish sauce lime juice soy
sauce garlic brown sugar a little bit of
water the heat is on some shredded
roasted chicken and a couple of fresh
herbs we have some cilantro and mint the
coarser chopped peanuts yeah so what how
do we get started all right we're gonna
do a couple of things if you want to
stir together this sauce just go ahead
and add everything together and I'm
going to use a little bit of this
vegetable oil to just sear up a little
bit of egg water in here too yep
and I'm just going to gently scramble
this eggs so just pulling at the sides a
little bit I'm just breaking it up a
little bit but when you've sauteed again
later it's gonna break up even more so
you don't have to worry about it too
much so there you go I'm just gonna set
this egg aside oh and actually we're
missing the scar little dude so there
you go I'm going to add the remaining
oil so now we have some sliced cabbage
but you can actually use coleslaw mix
too it's a really great cheat that makes
this even faster so I'm gonna add this
to our hot skillet just give it a quick
little saute so as this is beginning to
soften these are our rice noodles that
actually all I've done to them is just
take a package of wide rice noodles that
I've soaked in some boiling water and
all that does is just make them a little
bit al dente and ready for the skillet
and then when we add the sauce it
finishes them just right awesome here we
go and add these I've never made Pad
Thai so sweet I'm learning a lot here
and our sauce
so that it'll start gain you can smell
it as caramelizing a little bit you can
really smell that peanut butter how that
sauce is just soaking into the noodles
exactly a fantastic so now I'm just
gonna toss in this egg and the chicken
and we're gonna be ready to plate on the
sheet of using the yeah I had a mystery
chicken from the grocery store so to me
exactly or you can roast it can be
leftover roasted chicken from home
either way it's a very very easy dinner
to pull together and you should probably
stop in another protein like some shrimp
or even tofu right exactly the best part
is all the toppings you can go ahead and
sprinkle with our fresh mint cilantro
and our chopped peanuts and you can
smell the heat bringing out the fresh
herb yeah delicious
Coney so there you have it peanut butter
pad thai are you ready to give it a try
I'm so ready they're really exciting for
me good there you go
that's good stuff and if that's such a
mazing heat it really does super
delicious so great pack type delicious
Thai recipe made with peanut butter and
noodles what other ways would you like
us to combine peanut butter and noodles
else in the comments below thanks for
watching we hope you like this recipe do
give it a thumbs up every week we cook
up a new peanut buttery dish so
subscribe to our YouTube channel so you
don't miss a single one see you next
time are you ready to give it a try I'm
so ready this is really exciting for me
good there you go I don't know I was
already